cool if i made /tavern 
like...
if there is a campfire close and its covered on 3 sides (south north west east) but the top ventilates
and if the tavern is an actually built structure... 
then the builder can go ahead and /tavern create "nameofthetavern" or like "name of the tavern"
and what this do is allow the builder to return to tavern using /tavern.
idk. i liked taverns in world of warcraft. it was like a meeting spot of my liking. every player is linked to  one tavern at all times. 
/tavern cooldown 60minutes. vanilla af
maybe even yoink hearthstone idea by making it that when the builder makes the tavern he has to hold block in his hand
/tavern can only be called with that block in hand
that block gets named by the name of the tavern then
need to test naming blocks in vanilla. is it like gay or smt.
oh and just holding the block wont tp. i think you need to visit the tavern and do "/tavern link" or smt
/tavern cast time 10 seconds gotta stay still and out of combat. 
taverns can be destroyed
tavern gets dead when owner dies
all linked get unlinked
smbd else can still become owner of that tavern
killing the campfire will kill the tavern too. lemme make on thing clear. this is WONKY

cool if i made /point
like...
deep rock galactic four drunken dwarves go pointing lazers all the time. need to learn particles.
might be easier to communicate

corpses on death
and fucking souls or some shit
setmaxhp(10 halfhearts) if player has no souls
need DB and test how 10hp looks in ui

disconnect player but the entity stays
with inventory and all.
can lose all your shit while afk.
i know that would hurt. 

/friend
like hold a compass and do /friend
that compass always lead to you. give that compass to somebody and tell them that you are their friend now. 

proximity chat.
im tired of unrelated overlaping spam so limit message sent radius. like filter normal onchat to only send to ppl in range and give directional queues or smt
config normal-radius shout-radius whisper-radius
silence logins and logouts for immersion
deaths too.
achievements tho... this gives me an idea about BOND

/mail
i need to do this somehow
is this another one that needs a DB ?
i feel excited using a DB on every ocasion. 
/mail casting time :D 1 second for every character. what's the limit?
how to handle long mails?
5minutes + 1minute per 1k blocks in distance between sender and receiver for arrival time
must've used that bookstand thing atleast once to send letters. 

want manhunt minigame
but rly do i wanna flex on others this much? lol



this is the notherfucking pidgeon server and there's no pidgeon plugins? 
what if players can send out loved birbs on trades. 
like...
urhg. i want that 1.17 patch so bad
trade parrot can hold a stackworth or like 64 uniques
baaaaags
"/trade add" to fling stuff out of the players hand into the birb inventory
"/trade request <message> <to player>" birb flies like /mail or smt. idk
"/trade pay" trade receiver gives shit to birb
"/trade yes" birb drops inventory
"/trade no" birb returns to owner
and no players without a parrot cannot send trade requests lol

kubrick is awesome
/monolith is a fucking obsidian thing
you know those flash games where you enter a code to go to a specific level? imagine that with minecraft teleports. how does this break /tavern?
how do players get the code
another DB <3
monoliths  can be destroyed

BONDS
idk. like how much of the game you played throught with somebody close. the every achievement you get near smbd the bond between the two increments. how BOND can be used in unison with /heal?
bring ppl back to life  using BOND and shit.

Lesson timeout. 
tempban 45 minutes after death
just. people need to chill after dying imho.
dying isnt supposed to be a common part of the game
it's supposed to mean something. 


what the fuck is demondragonkings all about?
nw king n king neking
w king spawn king e king
sw king s king se king
but like max 4 kings or queens at a time
motherfucking overworld feudal hierarchys all about them prefix in player displayed name like a fucking faction or smt
but i dont like the faction servers. they dont tell any story at all like its all about economy and fuck economy and fuck pay2win servers
nether devil is close to 00, nether demon is far 
two dragons for the nether.

battle ambience. 
like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NfiFhQ8W7OU&ab_channel=Musicof40K
spam at steve's headphones with explosions but in a classy way pls.
capture the flags events would be coool. or king of the hill i dont know

become a fish/dog/horse for roleplay purposes like curses or someshit. idk

i wanna fuckup vanilla sleeping
when player lays down in bed they can heal to max in a nights timeframe
2 minutes of laying in bed and not chatting makes a player not insomniac anymore
NO FUCKING SKIPPING THE NIGHT WEAK SHIT ON MY SERVER

mixtape
/mixtape record
	up to 1 minute listening to snotblock sounds
	sneak to stop
	can record on top of previous up to say 8 layers of overlay
/mixtape clear
	burns the mixtape for it wasnt hot enough
/mixtape play
	replay the music
	put some note particles overplayer head
	
	
why slave away digging on your own when you can have serverside slaves?
how to put baritone on mf server. that might be the biggest challange with the sweetest achievement.






 

